Add release notes for Kubernetes 1.21 (#34)
elastx/elx-docs: content/en/docs/private-kubernetes/changelog/v2.17.0-elx1.md

---
title: "Changelog for Kubernetes 1.21"
description: "Changelog for Kubernetes 1.21"
alwaysopen: true
---

## Versions

* Kubernetes 1.21.5
* Nginx-ingress: 1.0.1
* Certmanager: 1.5.3

## Major changes

* Load Balancers are by default allowed to talk to all tcp ports on worker nodes.

## New Kubernetes features:

* The ability to create immutable [secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#secret-immutable) and [configmaps.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/#configmap-immutable)
* Cronjobs are now stable and the new API `batch/v1` is implemented.
* Graceful node shutdown, when shutting worker nodes this is detected by Kubernetes and pods will be evicted.

## Deprecations

> Note all deprecations will be removed in a future Kuberntes release, this does not mean you need to perform any changes now however we recommend you to start migration your applications to avoid trouble in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all deprecations will be removed in a future Kubernetes release, this does not mean you need to perform any changes now however we recommend you to start migrating your applications to avoid issues in future releases.
```

### APIs removed in Kubernetes 1.22

> A guide on how to migrate from affected APIs [can be found in the kubernetes upstream documetnation.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#v1-22)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A guide on how to migrate from affected APIs [can be found in the Kubernetes upstream documentation.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#v1-22)
```
